I was surprised to see a scary car.
Oh, the car over there is beautiful.
And the driver is also very sharp.
Hey, driver, can you speed up?
Hey, boss, don't scare me.
I'll try to speed up.
I'll hold the handle and get ready.
Wow!
Hey, I'm too fast.
I can't get on the car.
Oh, I thought it was light.
It's a joke.
It's the first time I've ever seen a car that can run.
Please do it.
Anyway, boss, if you get on the car, please catch me.
I can't jump out. It's a dangerous car.
If you hit the bridge, please get on the car.
I'm going to jump out.
I see. You're too fast.
I can't get on the car.
Hey, driver, can you speed up?
Hey, boss, don't talk to me.
There was a man who died in a car accident.
Please do it.
I'm hungry.
I can't get on the car.
Please do it.
I'm sweating.
Please get on the car.
I can't get on the car.
What do you want to do today?
I think I'm with my boss.
Do you know how to swim?
I don't know how to swim.
Please learn swimming when you get on the car.
I don't want to give up on my past and be prepared to die.
Please stop me.
I'm not joking.
I have to go to the place where I was hit.
Please stop me.
Help me!
I stopped.
Did I stop?
I should have stopped.
I stopped because I was tired.
I don't know how far I can go without a road.
Where is this place?
I'm not used to seeing this place.
I'm sorry to take you to a place I'm not used to seeing.
Please find me a place.
It's written there.
Miyagi Prefecture.